<HTML>
<HEAD>
<META HTTP-EQUIV="Content-Type" CONTENT="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<META NAME="Generator" CONTENT="Microsoft Word 97">
<TITLE>Murieta Homeowner’s Association</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LINK="#0000ff">

<B><FONT FACE="Tahoma" SIZE=6><P ALIGN="CENTER">Murieta Homeowner’s Association</P>
</FONT><FONT FACE="Tahoma" SIZE=4><P ALIGN="CENTER">Board of Directors Meeting</P>
<P ALIGN="CENTER">July 12, 2005</P>
</B></FONT><FONT FACE="Tahoma" SIZE=2><P ALIGN="CENTER">Meeting was called to order by President May McMann at 7:07 PM. Board members are:</P>

<P>May McMann&#9;President&#9;Present</P>
<P>Joy Hurst&#9;Vice President&#9;Present</P>
<P>Carl Kennedy&#9;Treasurer&#9;Present</P>
<P>Karen Barry&#9;Secretary&#9;Present</P>
<P>Kristen Brown&#9;Director&#9;Present</P>

<P>Also in attendance: Susan Levin and Liza Laurinkus.</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P>
<B><P>Joy Hurst called the meeting open at 7:04 p.m.</P>

<P>MINUTES</P><DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>Motion:&#9;Carl Kennedy made a motion to approve June 14, 2005 HOA minutes.</P>
<P>2<SUP>nd</SUP>:&#9;Karen Barry</P>

<P>Motion Vote:&#9;Approved: Carl Kennedy, Karen Barry.</P>
<P>&#9;Abstained: Joy Hurst.</P>
<P>&#9;</P></DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>

<P>Motion Carried.</P>
</B>
<B><U><P>OPEN FORUM</P>
</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Tahoma">
</B></FONT><FONT FACE="Tahoma" SIZE=2><P>A resident complained about occasional extensive noise in the N. pool area on the weekend. There were two unattended dogs in the parking lot by the Building 6.</P>

<B><U><P>COMMITTEE REPORTS</P>
</B></U>
<P>Carl Kennedy announced that Finance Committee will start working on 2006 Budget in July. Finance Committee made recommendation to transfer $2700.00 from Clubhouse account to Operating to partially cover pool furniture expense.</P>

<P>Susan Levin told that the dryer vent screens have been cleaned. All common area windows have stoppers.</P>
</FONT><FONT FACE="Arial" SIZE=2>
</FONT><B><FONT FACE="Tahoma" SIZE=2><P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>&nbsp;</P><DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<U><P>OLD BUSINESS</P>

</U><P>Feral Cats (discussion)</P>

<P>&#9;May McMann is looking for other organization, as there is no action being taken from Alley Cat.</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>Common area red tile maintenance.</P>

<P>Giant Plumbing will be working at Murieta a week of July 18<SUP>th</SUP>, 2005. Also, they will get the recommendation on how to take care of the red tiles.</P>
<P>39975 Cedar Blvd planter is repaired by Newark City. Board members will look at it to see if it needs painting.</P>

<P>New signs for dumpster areas.</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P></DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>

<U><P>NEW BUSINESS</P>


<UL>
</U><LI>Walk-off mats</LI></UL>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>&#9;Tabled until we will get sample contracts from G &amp; K Services and Aramark.</P>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>


<UL>
<LI>Additional touch-up painting.</LI></UL>


<OL>

<LI>Elevator doors painting</LI>
<P>&#9;Tabled till Thursday, July 14, 2005, when Carl Kennedy will take a look at the elevator door condition.</P>

<LI>Interior Stairway, Bldg. 5</LI></OL>


<P>May Mcmann approved the bid by L &amp; E Painting to repaint interior stairway walls, Hand rails, and baseboards between floors 1 &amp; 2.</P>


<UL>
<LI>New Owner and tenant orientation meetings.</LI></UL>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>Board members recommended orientation meetings to be held quarterly starting September 15<SUP>th</SUP>, 2005. Liza has to prepare the presentation for the next HOA meeting.</P>
<P>Tabled till August 9<SUP>th</SUP>, 2005.</P>
<P>&#9;</P></DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>


<UL>
<LI>Mail Box Elimination (discussion).</LI></UL>

<P>Board members will call the Post Office to keep the mail box by the central entrance into Murieta. Office will put the signs by the mail boxes at each building to notify residents about mailboxes removal on Cedar Blvd.</P>


<UL>
<LI>Fremont Bank - CDARS (Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service).</LI></UL>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>Tabled till the next HOA meeting as the Board Members and Finance Committee have to study the information package provided by the bank.</P>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>


<UL>
<LI>RPM Change Switches.</LI></UL>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>Motion:&#9;Carl Kennedy made a motion to accept bid by RPM Electric to change the switches in the bathroom in sauna areas in the amount of $527.30.</P>
<P>Vote:&#9;Accepted: Carl Kennedy, May McMann, Joy Hurst, Kristen Brown, Karen Barry.</P>
<P>Motion carried.</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P></DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>

<P>&#9;</P>
<P>&#9;</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>Meeting adjournedAdjourned at 9:00 p.m.</P>

<P>&nbsp;</P>
<P>------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</P><DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>
<DIR>

<P>email vote 7/18/05&#9;&#9;After walk-thru by Carl Kennedy, accepted L&amp;E proposal  for painting elevator doors and frames &#9;$350/building, $2,450 total (to be done monthly and completed by April 25, 2006.)</P>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>
</DIR>

<P>email vote 7/20/05&#9;&#9;Accepted Aramark proposal for walk-off mats for a monthly </P>
<P>&#9;&#9;charge of $255.30 for the rental mats; and $2070.00 for </P>
<P>&#9;&#9;purchased mats.</P>

<P>email vote 7/20/05&#9;&#9;Accepted RPM Electric proposal to replace light pole #104</P>
<P>&#9;&#9;in the amount of $1200.00</P>

<P>email vote 7/22/05&#9;&#9;Accepted S.A. Anderson proposal for repairs at 39865, #133</P>
<P>&#9;&#9;and 233  of damage due to common area pipe leak, in the </P>
<P>&#9;&#9;amount of $2600.00</P>

<P>email vote 8/02/05&#9;&#9;Approved Roadrunner Glass proposal for window repair, three</P>
<P>&#9;&#9;windows, 39821 #202 in the amount of $548.31.</P>
</B></FONT></BODY>
</HTML>
